Hey there!
Martin Barriault,
I'm a big fan of snowboarding
and backcountry skiing,
and the wonderful scenery of the
Mont-Saint-Pierre valley.
Mont-Saint-Pierre is
a superb landscape.
With the U-shaped valleys
and the big mountains,
it's a pretty good drop.
Just this scenery here, it's incredible.
This piece of land was set up
for backcountry skiing
with different slopes,
different hillsides too.
Slope angles can be
up to 40, 45 degrees
so we're talking really,
really big drops.
The clientele, generally,
will be people
that have been skiing
for a while,
so they'll have a pretty strong base
in terms of skiing.
You need to be
in good physical shape.
The climb is part of the sport,
and the treat is the descent.
First, when you're going up
in your sealskins,
you're already in contact
with the nature around you.
And when you reach the top,
when you're about to go down,
you tell yourself: “Hey wow, this is
going to be awesome!”
So really, to me,
that's what I call freedom.
You will feel incredibly lucky,
incredibly powerful
just being on top
of that mountain,
and you'll say: “I climbed,
I did it, now watch me go down!”